Grandpa is my grandfather
He really came
Dad, why are you here?
Yes, my lord, such a trivial matter and your wife's punishment.
After my dad and I work it out
Go with you to meet that big guy
The little things you say
Yes. What is it?
It's just a mountain villager who offended the police
The son is signalling severe punishment to him.
Don't worry.
Grandpa, you have no idea
How did he offend you?
He said that you relied on his guidance, and our Xiao family only had it.
Grandpa, I'm not from that city
But I can't stand it after hearing this.
This is pure shit
My grandfather walked the rivers and lakes all his life
all-powerful
Relying on monstrous maneuvering
Relying on imperial killing decisiveness
Do you think it's just his stinky fish and rotten shrimp?
Are you also worthy of pointing out my grandfather's old man?
Master Xiao is full of lies
deceive the public
In my opinion, we should let the Xiao family swordsman
Peel this child cramp
Broken child cutting hand
Let him suffer and die
One Sword Happy
Xiao what did they say they were going to skin me and cramp
Cut meat
I think that's a good idea.
Do you think you're still chasing after his mother's death?
Come on, break his bones for me
I'll see if he can get hard later
You want to rebel?